Teams and collectives intro edits (#9)
nspark/specification: content/collective_intro.tex

or \LibConstRef{SHMEM\_TEAM\_INVALID} is passed to a team-based collective
routine, the behavior is undefined.

> All \openshmem teams-based collective calls are blocking routines.  On

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All \openshmem teams-based collective operations are blocking routines.  On
```

> completion of a team-based collective call, the \ac{PE} may immediately call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
return from a team-based collective call, the \ac{PE} may immediately call
```

> another collective on that same team without any other intervening

Reviewer: ```suggestion
another collective operation on that same team.
```

> synchronization across the team.  Team-based collectives must occur in the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Team-based collectives must occur in the same
```
